Red - nouns
Blue - verbs

Flummox has 5 floors in total: the pit, floor 1, 2, 3, and 4. Floor 4 has the door that the player uses to escape. The player starts out on floor 1 in the dark with only a small ring of light . As the player advances from the left of floor 1 to the right, they fall into a pitfall, leading to the pit. When to player falls through the pitfall, the camera zooms out onto the floor the player just fell from and the current floor the player is on now. In addition, the whole area is visible for 2 seconds. Once the player is in the pit, they must walk all the way to the left or right into a portal. The portals teleport the player to the floor above on the corresponding side. The player walks to the right portal to discover the floor 1 ladder and advance to floor 2. Floor 2 is mostly empty except for decorations that players can examine. The player must now advance to floor 3 to find a bulletin informing them that pitfalls can be covered. Player now goes to floor 4 and falls through a pitfall, revealing a plank on floor 3. Player now moves to the left under plank and jumps to get it. Having obtained the plank, the player now goes to floor four and walks across the pitfall without falling. When player arrives at the door, they are notified that they need a key to proceed on floor 2. This dialogue triggers the appearance of a key to the left of the stairs on floor 2. The player goes to this key and picks it up by touching it and goes back to floor 4 from here the player can either go through the door or go to the left of the door(easter egg alert) and obtain a mushroom that triggers a special game end screen when player walks through the door.
Game Pitch: Flummox is a game where the player must solve puzzles at nighttime to escape an island.